hey today for 10
going to show you how to
are usually right
was bottom board
I pop more
and scary
you can get these things from droid zorg
first skater stuff make sure it's the
one with Donald
like that what I do is make
first of all
what make it work
Oh doctor I got some ended motive
just keep flying up to secure your
position
nobody can
my friend
now let's not have him go up
put them on a good position good always
position
actually not
you want to make them crash
Megan Kerik all
tonight's rang
now we can start making
I'm all
no courteously up like a
going to ollie off freak advisory
investor after you
now we can
don't eat that and
bring
um
one
what is like now open
so we now we take another board side
we hit this pack you might
and it's a good guy
I'm around
you might kind of want to change this
angelo
now we put the
for top
and
next one
and I have two fourth side again
yes
might be crafting because when you
actually do skate you
and crouched position for the impact
that he don't break it and um
brain your ankle
different
life is killing me
changes like that kimono position
and fun
now we're dependent
ah
everybody dead
yeah audio and
sorry I my blog
he's fine
there you go you got a kickflip now it's
watching put speed down
there you can hear that I got this
boards up there
now you can test then
teach me to be good this is he got one
hand like that
it is it is